Prepare release 0.1.0 (#15)
b-cubed-eu/b3doc: README.Rmd

You can install the development version of b3doc from [GitHub](https://github.com/b-cubed-eu/b3doc) with:

``` r
# install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("b-cubed-eu/b3doc")
```

## Usage

> This is an example of how `b3doc` can be used in [b-cubed-eu/documentation](https://github.com/b-cubed-eu/documentation/tree/main). The example shows how to convert an R Markdown file to a Markdown file with the necessary metadata for the [B-Cubed documentation website](https://docs.b-cubed.eu) website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we use b3doc to read a [vignette](https://github.com/b-cubed-eu/gcube/blob/main/vignettes/articles/occurrence-process.Rmd), run its code and output a Markdown file:
```

``` r
library(b3doc)

# Load packages used in the Rmd file
library(sf)
library(dplyr)
library(ggplot2)
library(tidyterra)

# Convert Rmd to Markdown
rmd_to_md(
  rmd_file = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/b-cubed-eu/gcube/refs/heads/main/vignettes/articles/occurrence-process.Rmd",
  md_dir = "output/src/content/docs/software/gcube",
  fig_dir = "output/public/software/gcube",
  fig_url_dir = "/software/gcube/",
  title = "2. Occurrence process",
  sidebar_label = "occurrence-process",
  sidebar_order = 2
)

# Clean up (don't do this if you want to keep your files)
unlink("output", recursive = TRUE)
```

> ## Meta

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In production, this code is run as part of a [script](https://github.com/b-cubed-eu/documentation/blob/main/src/rmd_to_md/rmd_to_md.Rmd) to update the [B-Cubed documentation website](https://docs.b-cubed.eu). Its static website generator then builds the site, using the metadata we provided (such as `sidebar_label`).

## Meta
```
